OBSDOCS-1903: Add missing [.log_source] value and remove duplicate module (#95074)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/logging-content-filter-prune-records.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/logging/performance_reliability/logging-content-filtering.adoc
// * configuring/configuring-log-forwarding.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="logging-content-filter-prune-records_{context}"]
= Configuring content filters to prune log records

If you configure the `prune` filter, the log collector evaluates log streams against the filters before forwarding. The collector prunes log records by removing low value fields such as pod annotations.

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the {clo}.
* You have administrator permissions.
* You have created a `ClusterLogForwarder` custom resource (CR).
* You have installed the {oc-first}.

.Procedure

. Extract the existing `ClusterLogForwarder` configuration and save it as a local file.
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get clusterlogforwarder <name> -n <namespace> -o yaml > <filename>.yaml
----
+
Where:
+

> * `<name>` is the name of the `ClusterLogForwarder` instance you want to configure.
> * `<namespace>` is the namespace where you created the `ClusterLogForwarder` instance, for example `openshift-logging`.
> * `<filename>` is the name of the local file where you save the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replace `<name>` with the name of the `ClusterLogForwarder` instance you want to configure.
* Replace `<namespace>` with the namespace where you created the `ClusterLogForwarder` instance, for example `openshift-logging`.
* Replace `<filename>` with the name of the local file where you save the configuration.
```

- https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-capitalization#general-text
> Do not start a sentence with a lowercase term; rewrite the sentence.

- Up to you --  You can use call outs and remove `where`

+
[IMPORTANT]
====
If you specify both `in` and `notIn` parameters, the `notIn` array takes precedence over `in` during pruning. After records are pruned by using the `notIn` array, they are then pruned by using the `in` array.
====
+
.Example `ClusterLogForwarder` CR
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: observability.openshift.io/v1
kind: ClusterLogForwarder
metadata:
  name: instance
  namespace: openshift-logging
spec:
  serviceAccount:
    name: my-account
  filters:
  - name: prune-filter
    type: prune # <1>
    prune: # <2>
      in: [.kubernetes.annotations, .kubernetes.namespace_id] # <3>

>       notIn: [.kubernetes,.log_type,.message,."@timestamp",.log_source] # <4>

Author: Is this change relevant for Logging 6.0+?

Reviewer 2: Yes

<3> Optional: Any fields that are specified in this array are removed from the log record.
<4> Optional: Any fields that are not specified in this array are removed from the log record.
<5> Specify the pipeline that the `prune` filter is applied to.
+
[NOTE]
====
The filters exempt the `log_type`, `.log_source`, and `.message` fields.

> ====

Author: Added from the deleted duplicate module to not lose any information.
